Hi. Welcome to life Google's video about how to prepare for a technical interview. I'm Sean technology and engineering recruiter. I'm Alison. I'm a software engineer. I'm Jess. I'm also a software engineer. Although this video is going to focus on the technical interview, definitely check out our partner video on how to prepare for the business interview as well. It absolutely applies here, Hi. Welcome to life Google's video about how to prepare for a technical interview. I'm Sean technology and engineering recruiter. I'm Alison. I'm a software engineer. I'm Jess. I'm also a software engineer. Although this video is going to focus on the technical interview, definitely check out our partner video on how to prepare for the business interview as well. It absolutely applies here, But without further ado, let's get into some tips. But without further ado, let's get into some tips. First things first. Make sure you're ready to prove what's on your resume. We're gonna want some critical pieces from you, including the bread and butter of software engineering data structures. Well, you could argue with me on that data structures and algorithms. So we want things like hash table stacks, a raise as well as algorithm, space and time complexity. We also want things like be prepared to code on a white board. This is very different from coating on a computer, so it's highly recommended to go out, find a whiteboard or chalkboard and try coding something up. It's a little different, and finally we want to make sure that your brushed up on system design as well as object oriented programming. So First things first. Make sure you're ready to prove what's on your resume. We're gonna want some critical pieces from you, including the bread and butter of software engineering data structures. You could argue with me on that data structures and algorithms, so we want things like hash table stacks, a raise as well as algorithm, space and time complexity. We also want things like be prepared to code on a white board. This is very different from coating on a computer, so it's highly recommended to go out, find a whiteboard or chalkboard and try coding something up. It's a little different, and finally we want to make sure that your brushed up on system design as well as object oriented programming E in general, you want to show your problem solving skills to the question you are asked if it's a coding question, Providing efficient code in a short time frame is key. If it's a design question, work with your interviewer to create a high level system on def applicable. Delving into deeper issues. Um, e in general, you want to show your problem solving skills to the question you are asked if it's a coding question. Providing efficient code in a short time frame is key. If it's a design question, work with your interviewer to create a high level system on def applicable. Delving into deeper issues. Um, e If it's a general analysis question, shall you understand all aspects of the problem and, if necessary, If it's a general analysis question, shall you understand all aspects of the problem and, if necessary, offer multiple solutions discussing their relative merits. In the end, the interview wants to know if they'd be comfortable working with offer multiple solutions discussing their relative merits. In the end, the interview wants to know if they'd be comfortable working with you on their team. specifically, You should focus your preparation in the following areas coding. Uh, eso you're going to spend the majority of your time actually writing code. In the interviews, we do ask that you are pretty familiar with at least one coding language typically will interview you in C plus plus or Java. You may use python or C in different projects. Here. You will be expected to know a P I s object oriented design and programming. How to test your code and be able to come up with corner cases and edge cases for yours and other people's. Another big thing is algorithms. I mentioned this in the beginning and it's coming up again because surprise, it's important. Specifically, you should focus your preparation in the following areas coding eso You're going to spend the majority of your time actually writing code. In the interviews, we do ask that you are pretty familiar with at least one coding language typically will interview you in C plus plus or Java. You may use python or C in different projects. Here. You will be expected to know a P I s object oriented design and programming. How to test your code and be able to come up with corner cases and edge cases for yours and other people's code. Another big thing is algorithms. I mentioned this in the beginning, and it's coming up again because surprise, it's important. All right, So you also want to know how complex your algorithm is. Remember, it's time and space complexity as well as how to improve ...